ON-11659 # Added storageType to compliance form element (#166)
oneblink/sdk-js: docs/form-elements/camera.md

| `required`                  | Yes      | `boolean` | `false`    | Determine if this input requires a value entered by the user (`true`) or not (`false`).     |
| `hint`                      | No       | `string`  |            | A hint triggered by an icon tooltip to be displayed when hovering beside the element label. |
| `includeTimestampWatermark` | no       | `boolean` | `false`    | Whether a watermark with a timestamp should be placed on images captured with this element. |

> | `storageType`               | no       | `boolean` | `false`    | How the photo taken by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storageType`               | no       | `string` |  | How the photo taken by a user will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`                 |
```
